yeah just briefly had one injury Mike
Mutulu spring Disney fairy severely
their wake and check it out let us know
help us to do that was other now think
everybody got out healthy offense did
some good things today ran the ball came
out granite granite rental ideal I
didn't play near like they played first
scrimmage so or our linebackers so for
us to be successful we know we got to
run the ball Dylan hit about everything
made some nice checks here and there and
he's ready to play Dylan's gonna be red
plaid got keep him healthy but he's
ready ready to have a big year I believe
you satisfied with the offensive line
routine yeah they played well today the
old line played well today they they
were tired getting pushed around seems a
little bit and seemed like a leader line
want this parties active as they been
lately whatever reason who knows but you
know football is a team sport someday
the offense picks up the defense someday
the defense picks up the offense some
days you beat them 19 to 14 or 35 228
you just don't know how it plays out so
we all pull for each other and hopefully
both sides won't struggle Stevie's
apparently had a real good day yeah
Perry had an excellent day he's job all
three had three drops he threw the ball
very well he stayed in the pocket got
rid of it avoided sex he said we had put
somebody in today he there's a good
chance he'd probably being there but
we'll let him practice all through the
week he in counter Mitch they'll keep
fighting for it scar neck he got in
there to end and played like a freshman
ha but he's gonna be a good player it's
just all new for him right now but he's
capable scar nekkid be good here in
about a year so hopefully we can if we
don't have to play him we can redshirt
even he'll he'll be ready compete for
the starting job next year probably do
the quarterbacks were able to check down
yeah they did a little bit better
throwing it down there yeah I wish we'd
let y'all win today because we didn't do
anything but just play normal football
but
I don't know we decided closer I guess
cuz everybody else is but maybe we'll
open up wind suit if we have another
look scrimmage with the young guys went
so we may hope nuttin let everybody come
okay who's ripping placing the tools for
me go I was switched around Cody Waldrop
played little guard was static in there
and then xandi came in there a bit but
if we had to replace meticulous it would
be with Cody and stab me and all like he
had are you confident least with it
definitely offensive line replaces of
your injury like that well we're hoping
it's not going to be as severe as it
appeared I think you found little twinge
Aaron got a sharp pain but we'll wait to
see how severe and injuries but now we
don't have a lot of backup players but
we got enough we got enough to go play
you think today's show how far the
office is coming a week or with the more
offensive things more attitude offensive
guys had a little bit better attitude
and knew that we needed to run the ball
and so we we came out running to it with
it we didn't delano only 38 passes and
what probably 25 snaps he was in there
so yeah we just weekend with a little
little more of a running attitude today
which is as you know is always good good
realignment while you're running backs
able to get into rotations today yeah
yeah Dave Williams got a bunch of
carries Brandon ran extremely well and
Mike had three next they got helmet on
the side of his hip there had a little
bruise so he was finished after that
he's okay yeah
do you feel please release with the
progress yeah I think well I think where
I but we never know we could go bad
between now and the 28th or we could
keep getting better we're gonna try to
get better and not go bad so we got to
keep pushing that as we go okay all
right thanks